## React-Powered Material Password Manager

https://a4-christopheryon.onrender.com/

Functionally, the project is the same as A3: an intuitive password manager with Material Design UI elements that supports individual password stores for multiple users using GitHub OAuth. The login page and server are also mostly unchanged. The main page has been completely rewritten to make use of React components, with the account details header, password table itself, and new password button now being components rather than all defined on the same page. These components also now use React design patterns enabled by its helpful tools and abstractions rather than requiring blunt and tedious DOM manipulation by standalone JavaScript. For example, the table is now structured as its HTML skeleton with an inline function that maps over the password records to fill in each table row, which are also defined as HTML. Certain elements are also shown conditionally or have conditional attributes based on centralized state variables, all of which is defined in the element itself rather than any action that shows or hides these having to manually loop over and manipulate each element. One difficulty was when Vite built the production app with the CSS defined in a different order than my imports specified, which required a suboptimal workaround to fix my overrides of the CSS framework's color scheme. This demonstrates a tradeoff of delegating lower level tasks to a build system, which may have bugs or be undesirably opinionated. However, the page structure is much more intuitive and readable, and the development of the same frontend functionality was much faster than in A3, so React improved the development experience overall.
